new chat GPT 5.4 update is insane. Open
AAI just dropped the biggest chat GPT
update yet. It's called GPT 5.4 and it
is absolutely insane. This thing can
read entire books, control your
computer, and build full apps for you.
Today, I'm going to show you everything
it does, how to use it, and why this
changes the game for everyone. So, let
me break this down real quick. Open AAI
just released a brand new model called
GPT 5.4. And this is not some small
little tweak. This is a massive jump.
Think of it like going from a bicycle to
a rocket ship. The old model was good.
This one is on a completely different
level. First thing you need to know, GPT
5.4 has a 1 million token context
window. Now, what does that mean in
simple words? It means you can feed this
thing an entire book, a huge data set, a
massive research paper, and it will read
the whole thing. It won't forget what it
read on page one when it gets to page
200. That was the big problem before. or
you'd give it a long document and it
would just lose track halfway through.
Not anymore. This thing holds on to
everything. So imagine you have a
50-page report. You drop it into chat
GPT and you say, "Give me the key
points, the action steps, and what I
should do next." And it actually does
it. The whole thing. No missing pieces,
no weird gaps. That alone is huge. But
here's where it gets even crazier. Hey,
if we haven't met already, I'm the
digital avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of
Goldie Agency. Whilst he's helping
clients get more leads and customers,
I'm here to help you get the latest AI
updates. Julian Goldie reads every
comment, so make sure you comment below.
Okay, so let me keep going because it
gets wilder. GPT 5.4 can now use your
computer. I'm not joking. It can control
software. It can click buttons. It can
fill out forms. It can open your browser
and do stuff for you. Think about that
for a second. You tell it send this
email and it sends the email. You tell
it schedule a meeting for Tuesday at 3
and it does it. You tell it go to this
website and grab the data and it goes
and grabs it. This is not some future
prediction. This is happening right now.
Open AAI built computer use right into
the model. It can look at your screen,
understand what's on it, and take
action. That is wild. We are literally
watching AI go from a chatbot that
answers questions to an actual assistant
that does real work. And the coding
upgrades are just as nuts. GPT 5.4 for
basically merged their best reasoning
with their best coding tools. So now
when you ask it to write code, it
doesn't just spit out some basic stuff.
It can build full apps. It can debug
your code. It can review what you wrote
and tell you what's wrong. And it does
it faster with fewer errors. Developers
are going to love this thing. Here's
what I tested. I told it, "Build me a
full landing page with React and
Tailwind." And it did it. Clean code,
good design, working product. That used
to take hours. Now it takes minutes. If
you're building anything online, this is
a gamecher. Now, let me talk about
something that a lot of people are
sleeping on, the spreadsheet and
document features. GPT 5.4 scored 87% on
spreadsheet modeling tasks. That's way
higher than any model before it, and it
now works directly inside Excel and
Google Sheets. So, you can sit in your
spreadsheet, ask it to analyze your
data, build pivot tables, create charts,
find trends, all without leaving the
spreadsheet. If you're running a
business, doing marketing, handling
analytics, this is going to save you so
much time. You don't need to be a
spreadsheet expert anymore. You just
need to know how to ask the right
question. Now, if you want to take
things even further with AI tools like
chat GPT, GPT 5.4, and you want to learn
how to actually use this stuff to scale
your business, get more customers, and
automate your workflows, check out the
AI profit boardroom. Link is in the
description and in the comments. It's
the best place to learn how to use AI
tools like GPT 5.4 to actually grow and
automate your business. We've got
step-by-step processes, live sessions,
and a community of people who are
already doing this every single day. All
right, let me keep going because there's
more. One of the biggest problems with
AI has always been hallucinations. You
know what I mean? You ask it a question
and it just makes stuff up. It sounds
confident, but it's completely wrong.
Well, OpenAI went hard on fixing that.
GPT 5.4 has 33% fewer wrong claims than
the old model and 18% fewer responses
that contain errors. So that is a huge
improvement. So now when you use it for
research, for business reports, for
anything where accuracy matters, you can
trust it a lot more. Is it perfect? No.
But it's way better than before. And
that matters when you're using it for
real work. Now let me show you some use
cases that are going to blow your mind.
Use case one, full business plans. You
tell GPT 5.4, Four, create a full
startup business plan with market
research, growth projections, and a
marketing strategy. And it builds the
whole thing, not some halfbaked outline,
a real detailed plan. The kind of thing
that used to take weeks, now it takes
minutes. Use case two, research
analysis. You drop in a huge research
paper and say, "Summarize this and turn
it into a 10-minute YouTube script."
Done. It reads the whole paper because
of that million token window. It pulls
out the key points and it writes you a
script. That is insane. Use case three,
presentations. You say, "Create a 10
slide pitch deck for my startup." And it
builds it slide by slide with the right
structure, the right flow. You can go
from idea to pitch deck in minutes. Use
case 4 data analysis. You upload a big
data set and say, "Find the patterns,
the trends, and give me
recommendations." And it does it. It
looks at all the data, finds what
matters, and tells you what to do. This
is the kind of stuff that people hire
entire teams for. And now you can do it
with one prompt. Now, here's the thing
about all of this. We are watching AI go
from a tool you chat with to a tool that
actually works for you. GPT 5.4 is not
just answering questions anymore. It's
completing tasks. It's using tools. It's
making decisions. It's doing multi-step
workflows without you having to hold its
hand every step of the way. Open AAI
tested it on some really hard benchmarks
for tool use and automation, and it
crushed them. This model is designed to
be an AI agent, meaning it can search
for the right tool, pick the right tool,
and use it to get the job done. Well,
all on its own. That is where AI is
heading and GPT 5.4 is the first real
step in that direction. Now, who gets
access right now? GPT 5.4 is rolling out
to chat GPT plus team and pro users. It
shows up as GPT 5.4 thinking in the
model selector. If you're a developer,
you can also access it through the API
and enterprise users can turn it on
through their admin settings. So, let me
wrap this up. GPT 5.4 is not a small
update. It's a massive leap. 1 million
token context window, computer use
builtin, way better coding, spreadsheet
integration, fewer hallucinations, real
AI agent capabilities. This is the kind
of update that changes how people work.
Period. We're going from chat bots to
actual AI systems that do the work for
you. And GPT 5.4 4 might be the biggest
step toward that future we've seen yet.
Now, if you want to learn exactly how to
use AI tools like GPT 5.4 to automate
your workflows, scale your business, and
get more customers, join the AI profit
boardroom. The link is in the
description and comments below. Inside,
you'll get the exact processes,
templates, and strategies for using
tools like GPT 5.4 to automate the stuff
that's eating up your time right now. We
break down every single update like this
one and show you step by step how to
actually apply it to your business.
You'll get live sessions, walkthroughs,
and a community of people who are
already using these tools every day to
get results. It's the best place to go
if you're serious about using AI to
actually grow your business and stay
ahead of everyone else. And if you want
the full process, SOPs, and over a 100
AI use cases like this one, join the AI
success lab links in the comments and
description. You'll get all the video
notes from there, plus access to our
community of 38,000 members who are
crushing it with AI. We share new use
cases, breakdowns, and tutorials every
single week, so you never fall behind on
what's new. Whether you're just getting
started with AI or you've been using it
for a while, this is the place to level
up. Come join us. You won't regret it.
Make sure you subscribe and drop a
comment below. Julian reads every single
one. I'll see you in the next